<header>::::: Rubi-Ka's Little Instruction Book - Guide to AO  :::::<end>

<font color = blue>Rubi-Ka's Little Instruction Book</font>

OR

Everything I ever needed to know about life I learned playing Anarchy Online.


All in all, no one is really any better or worse than anyone else. We all start out the same.

Patience is a virtue, and is about as rare as anything.

Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. Someday, they just might

Sometimes, people lose things, and they never find them again. It's not all about stuff anyway, or is it?

The world is full of selfish greedy people, but it's all worth enduring if you can find one good friend. Those are rarer than a 1750 token board.

Sometimes, no matter how hard you go and go, you just can't seem to get anywhere.

If you brag and gloat, sooner or later it will catch up to you.

If you assist and help others, it will come back to you someday.

If you cheat and hurt others, it will come back to you some day.

No good deed goes unpunished.

Be wary of pundits, no one really knows any more than anyone else, anyway, and what they don't know, they often make up to feel important.

Watch what you say. Always.

People always love to show off their new toys.

Most people can't wait to be first, and will often do anything to get there. But learning to share will get you more in the end.

If at first you don't succeed, die, die again.

If you are stuck or confused, don't worry too much, everyone else has been there at some time or other.

Don't think you are any more entitled than anyone else. You aren't.

There is strength in numbers.

Never ever give up, no matter what. It will pay off if you keep at it.

Getting upset over the little stuff accomplishes nothing. And it's ALL little stuff.

Things you get can disappear at a moment's notice, and without warning, but a good friend can last a long time.

Sometimes, sitting down and doing a good old fashioned restart can fix almost anything.

Patches don't always 'fix' things.

Anger and Love are both from the energy of passion. It is your choice where you choose to focus that energy. Choose wisely.

Be careful what you wish for, you may get it.

Don't blame the people on the other side when things don't go your way. Take responsibility for your choices. You are the only one you can change.

Whining too much will make people want to avoid you.

Whatever thou sowest, that also shall ye reap.

When you are in a group, it's ALWAYS best to stay together, no matter what.

Life is fragile...make the most of the time you have. Sometimes it does not take much and a friend can be gone in a flash.

When the going gets tough, you will soon discover who your real friends are.

True teamwork is a rare thing, but when it finally happens, there is nothing at all that compares.

Sometimes, going on a trip by yourself can be a wonderful thing.

Fashion and style don't mean a whole lot, most people all tend to want the same things anyway.

Never trust an adventurer who charges more than 1337 credits for buffs.

It's ok to be different.

If you do something well, people will be jealous and want to copy you.

If you get something nice, people will try to take it from you.

Give out buffs for free. You'll be surprised what might happen.

No matter where you go, beggars will be there. Whiners too.

If you run in a straight line long enough, you can fall off off the planet and end up in strange places. Maybe the world was flat after all...

Common sense is an oxymoron.

Learn what tact means, and use it whenever you can. You will be among the elite.

Trains do not always blow smoke, but they can still go pretty fast and kill anything that gets in their way.

Be careful who you trust. Things are not always what they seem.

At the end of the day, pat yourself on the back for your accomplishments, but remember that you will be doing the same thing all over again tomorrow.

Sometimes, people camp without taking a tent.

Learn to be satisfied with what you have, some people will never be satisfied no matter what.

Sometimes, things are just exactly as they seem.

Sometimes, things just don't make sense no matter how you try to explain them.

Always try to be consistent with everyone you meet. It will serve you well.

When you get frustrated, it's time to take a break.

Love is more powerful than anything.

Never give up, and never stop striving for more. There will always be something better out there for you...

Some people never learn from their mistakes. Don't be one of those people.

Hugs are über.

Most arguments are simple misunderstandings.

Debuffing yourself can be hazardous to your health.

The true age of people has nothing to do with how childish they can act at times.

True friends are NODROP UNIQUE

People will do anything to protect their own ignorance. Don't be afraid to learn.

Even the best roleplayers can't hide forever. We all 'leak through the keyboard.'

Just when you get used to the way things are, something always changes.

Some people get angry over next to nothing. Don't be one of those people.

Sometimes, you work and work to get something from someone important, and then, for no reason at all, that someone just disappears.

Communication is almost all we have. Make the most of it.

Stuff does not last forever, but memories can. Cherish all that you make.

Don't ever be too foolish or proud to ask for help.

Seems the old adage is true after all: We are never so real as when we wear a mask. Then again, most people are afraid to just be themselves.

Life is 90% attitude, 10% effort.

Take care of your friends, in the end, when all else is gone, all we will have is each other.

Remember: there is nothing that cannot be forgiven.

Don't worry about your age, it's how many friends you have that matters.

Sometimes, taking the road less travelled will get you killed.

Everyone deserves love. Period.

How fast you can run matters at times.

At the end of a long tiring day, nothing is better than enjoying a nice sunset and a cup of ice cream with a close friend.