<? 
$penguide_txt = "<header>::::: Penumbra Guide: Key Quests Included :::::<end>\n\n"; 
$penguide_txt = "
Name Penumbra Guide 
Faction  All 
Approximate Level  N/A 
Author  Silirrion, Adrius 
Main  

This guide is designed to give you an overview of the area that makes up Penumbra and talk you through the garden and sanctuary quests as well as your route to Inferno! The zone itself is an icy wasteland just waiting to be explored! (the first few minutes of which will be spent admiring the rather cool 'cold breath' effect puffing out from your character!) 

The mobs start at around 150ish all the way through to the usual 200+ brink mobs. Of course that's a Shadowlands 150 and don't expect many of the mobs to be hitting for less then 1k damage as the norm. There is some solo hunting to be had below level 200 but you need to learn the terrain a little as all that white and all the trees can mean unexpected adds when you least expect it, so get to know the area first. 

Players from 160+ though can effectively team in Penumbra providing they have the ability to tank against that kind of damage. 

<font color = yellow>Penumbra Quests </font>

Before doing any of the Penumbra quests there is one important thing to bear in mind and thats the ettiquete that the players have adopted around the temples in the later Shadowlands zones. Lots of people are doing different things around the factioned temples. Some will be doing the same quest as you, some the opposite quest, some another quest or some faction hunting. There can be a lot going in the temples so make sure that you try and respect the other players there. 

<font color = yellow>Inferno Access Quest 

This might be the first time you've done an access quest, since the previous quests were changed from being mandatory in the post release patches for Shadowlands, but at any rate it's slightly different to the previous versions in that there is a seperate version for redeemed and unredeemed alligned players, just like the garden quests. 

Like the garden quests both versions are very similar and both end up with the same objective - getting your hands on a pattern for a pocket boss called the 'Great Ice Golem'. So without further delay, here's the run down. 

<font color = yellow>Clan Version </font>

1. First off head to the Adonis Catacombs and with a raid team farm some Yomi Grimoir pages off of the Yomi Grimoir and the other boss mobs in that dungeon. 

2. Once you have a page give it to the Sipius in the Penumbra Redeemed temple (he's on the top floor ) he will give you the Book of insignificant rituals 

3. Give the book of insignifcant rituals to the Eeclesiast, and he will spawn Cama. Note that Cama spawns in the 75% room, so be carefull if there are Omni's around. Redeemed Cama gives awesome faction for the Omni's and they won't think twice about killing it. 

4. Talk to the Cama, she then gives you the Sealed Instructions to the Acolyte Cama Hume. 

5. Head back to the temple kill the prophet there and the Acoloyte will spawn. 

6. At the minute you need to either calm or fear the Acolyte, in order to talk to him in, he's aggro . Give him the sacred blueprint of vanya and sealed instructions to acolyte cama hume. 

7. He now spawns the unredeemed vanya, instead of spawning Omega Carlos Truhillo 

8. Kill the Unredeemed Vanya, he has quite abit of hp and hits for around 3k'ish, UBT from a doc' and other init. debuffs help alot. Loot Vanya's beating heart, you now have 1 hour and 30 minutes to finish the quest before you have to do it all over 

9. Go to the ecclesiast again, tell him you need to see cama because you have something to give her, show him the heart. He now spawns cama in the 75% room. 

10. Talk to the Cama, give her the heart, and she gives you the blueprint of for the Ice Golem. 

11. The Golem can now be spawned at the Incarnator. When you kill him, he will drop 6 molars. This is enough to get 6 people their +7 Inferno Rings.

<font color = yellow>Omni Version </font>

As mentioned above this one is pretty much the same accept for the mobs / temples that need killing / visiting. 

1. Head to the Adonis Catacombs, and with a raid team, farm "A Page From The Yomi Grimoire" off of the Yomi Grimoire and the other boss mobs in that dungeon. 

2. Once you have a page give it to 'Hypnagogic Ixi-Lum Van' in the Penumbra north east Unredeemed temple. He will give you the Book of insignificant rituals. 

3. Give the book of insignifcant rituals to Prophet Nar Van, and he will spawn Vanya. Note that Vanya spawns in the 75% room, so be carefull if there are Clanners around. Unredeemed Vanya gives awesome faction for the Clanners and they won't think twice about killing it. 

4. Talk to Vanya, she then gives you the "Sealed instructions to Ardent Gulu Van". 

5. Head to the Redeemed Temple in NW Penumbra and kill the Ecclisiast. The Ecclisiast will drop 'Sacred Blueprint of Cama' (100% drop), you need to loot this item. Killing the Ecclisiast will also spawn Ardent Gulu Van. 

6. Give him the 'Sacred Blueprint of Cama' and the 'Sealed instructions to Ardent Gulu Van'. 

7. He now spawns the Redeemed Cama. 

8. Kill the Redeemed Cama, and loot "Cama's Beating Heart". You now have 1 hour and 30 minutes to finish the quest before you have to do it all over again. 

9. Go talk to Prophet Nar Van again. Tell him you need to see Vanya because you have something to give her. Show him the heart. He now spawns Vanya in the 75% room. 

10. Talk to Vanya and give her the heart. She will give you the Blueptrint Pattern of 'The Great Ice Golem'. Make this pattern up the same way you would any other pocket boss. 

11. He can now be spawned at the Incarnator. When you kill him, he will drop 6 molars. This is enough to get 6 people their +7 Inferno Rings.

<font color = yellow>Head to Ergo!</font>

You'll then have to head to Ergo for the +7 ring that will see you into Inferno. As usual the little floating chatterbox is in the far north of Penumbra (in the Penumbra Valley area) but isn't that hard to find. Chat to Ergo about getting to Inferno and then hand him the molar looted from the Golem and viola - access to Inferno is yours.

Surviving in Inferno is another matter altogether, probably not the best time to mention this, but you'll need to kill a dragon next! Check out our guide to getting your Inferno boots!

<font color = yellow>Redeemed Garden Quest (Clan) </font>

You should know the drill by now, so if you have to ask the quest starts after a chat with "Devoted Cama Gil-Lux" in the Redeemed temple (North West of the zone) 

This time out he asks you to 'tag' a series of 'beings'. These are 'Target Person' missions and there are ten to locate. The quest timer is 20 days, so you'll have plenty of time...which is just as well because the mobs in Penumbra can be very nasty!

Below is a map of Penumbra with the quest locations marked and labeled. Thanks go to The Shadowlands Atlas for the Clan locations.

When you target Carlos a device will appear in your inventory called a Source Fragment Scanner. Now comes the boring part, you need to find thirty-five (yes, 35, we know its a lot...get over it...it'll be worth it) of the mob drop called 'Fragment of the Source', every seven fragments the scanner will fill and a new scanner will appear in your inventory.

Fragments can be found as loot from most mobs in Penumbra with about a 25% chance of dropping.

Once the last part is uploaded into the scanner, the key will pop into your inventory!

<font color = yellow>Unredeemed Garden Quest (Omni)</font>

Same quest as clan just with different mobs to tag in the first part. Head to the unredeemed temple to find the prophet and he will set you on your way to finding 10 mobs scattered over Penumbra. Below is a map with all of the mobs marked and labeled.

When you target the last mob, a device will appear in your inventory called a Source Fragment Scanner. Now comes the boring part, you need to find thirty-five (yes, 35..) of the mob drop called 'Fragment of the Source', every seven fragments the scanner will fill and a new scanner will appear in your inventory.

Fragments can be found as loot from most mobs in Penumbra with about a 25% chance of dropping.

Once the last part is uploaded into the scanner, the key will pop into your inventory!

Ok, garden quests done and dusted, now time for the Sanctuary Quest, as with previous zones its a step up difficulty wise as it actually invloves killing mobs rather then just tagging them! 

<font color = yellow>Redeemed Sanctuary Quest (Clan)</font>

Head to the garden and look for the forrester in the garden. 

First you get a mission to destroy five different machines by using a Calibration Tuner - Set to Wrong Offset (just use a screwdriver on the calibration tuner to make it). These mission work exactly like missions on Rubi-Ka, you can upload them to your mission display and the map will show you the location. There only seems to be two or three possible locations for these and some people have reported having every leg of the mission in the same spot!

The Calibration Tuner itself needs to be bought from a Yuttos vendor.

Once it's finished you get to the next phase which has 10 steps and it involves killing mobs 
<font color = yellow>
1. Calan-Kur - Leader outside the Pen Unred Temple 
2. Rawa-El - Marked! outside the Pen Unred Temple 
3. Buran-Kuiri - Leader ! outside Pen Unred Temple 
4. Chimera Cranii - Marked around 2600x884 in pen (east side) 
5. Malah-Ea - Leader! - 1520x1120 in pen (west side) 
6. Baran-Kuir - Leader outside the Pen Unred Temple 
7. Eron-Cur - Leader outside the Pen Unred Temple 
8. Patiarch Prophet Nar Van inside the Pen Unred Temple 
9. Omega Carlos Truhillo inside the Pen Unred Temple 
10. Unredeemed Vanya inside the Pen Unred Temple 
</font>
When Vanya dies you're rewarded with your key.

<font color = yellow>Unredeemed Sanctuary Quest (Omni)

Same again, as per the redeemed quest you'll have to detroy the machines again except of course you are looking for Garboil Roch Van (a very handsome, spider-like fellow with a winning smile, or so our Omni informants assure us) in the Penumbra Garden who starts off the quest. Then its a different listing of mobs that need disposing off in order for you to snag your perma key to the Sanctuary.
<font color = yellow>
Hiisian Steed - Tainted can be found at approx 790x1286 (outside mob, in the west zone I think) 
Watcher Cama Mara-Thar - Leader (Penumbra ~1044x181 in the redeemed village to the SW) 
Chimera Cranii - Marked (Penumbra, look NE of Vanya statue) 
Devoted Gil Wei-Wei (Adonis, upstairs in redeemed temple) 
Devoted Cama Zean-Mara (Penumbra, north redeemed village beyond the cave and at the top). Hard to reach so need a full team to kill adds and to get to him. 
The watcher in NW redeemed temple penumbra in second hall far in. 
A Len Wu SW redeemed village penumbra. Lots of them there so just pick one. 
Sipius Cama llad-lux SW redeemed village penumbra. easy to pull up for a range fighter whit out any adds. Also this mob gives unredeemed faction up to around 9.7k. 
Watcher, NW temple penumbra, second hall ,upstairs. I took this alone after i had calmed the others there. 
The venerable ecclaist. NW temple, (The one that used to be killed for Faction in Penumbra). 
After this one is killed a unredemeed mob is spawned named Ardent Gulu Van in same room where the ecclaist stands. 
</font>

<font color = green>Conclusion</font>

So there you have it, everything you need to start making inroads in exploring Penumbra.

...and Finally

Huge, huge thanks to Herodotus2 for allowing us to use the material and screenshots he has collected on his superb Shadowlands forum that can be found here. The forum is a great site with stack loads of information about everything Shadowlands, this guide would not have been possible without everyone who posts there.
 
 ";

$penguide_txt = bot::makeLink("xxx", $penguide_txt); 
if($type == "msg") 
bot::send($penguide_txt, $sender); 
elseif($type == "all") 
bot::send($penguide_txt); 
else 
bot::send($penguide_txt, "guild"); 
?>