Hey D, I'm closing in on finishing my guidebot module to addon to budabot
Wanted to throw you a list to see if you might have any suggestions for additons to it

This is what the main portion of the bot consists of:

[code]A Message from Plugsz
Org Structure of Newcomers Alliance 
The Official  'Code of Conduct' from Funcom

General Information Guide

Guide to Wrangles
Guide to making credits An excellent guide Froob friendly
Beginners Questions - Good place for beginners to start
Guide to Blitzing - Cause you'll wanna do it at some point
Rubi-Ka's Little Instruction Book - Guide to AO
Profession Guides - Guides for all the Professions
Locations  - A list of places on Rubi-Ka
Guide to Implants What they are, and how to use them
AO Terminology - Everything you ever wanted to know,but were afraid to ask
Buffs - Guide to Skill buffs
Armor Guide - Guide to Armors
IP Reset Points - Guide to IP reset points
Guide to Missions - Guide to Mission Settings
Special Shops - Guide to NPCs that sell unusual things
Role-Playing 101 
Guides to the Dungeons - Guides to the Static Dungeons of Rubi-Ka
Quest Guides - Guides to The Various NPC quests of Rubi-Ka,including Sided Pads and Fixer Grid
Links to AO Websites - Including the ever-useful Huge Map.
Information about The Grid

Guides for the Shadowlands: Courtesy of AO-universe

Quests:
Nascence : Compact Message Datadiscs quests.
Lists of Nanos sold in the Gardens and Sanctuary areas of the Shadowlands. All clickable

Garden Keys (very useful to acquire, buffs treatment as you progress to each higher area

Guide for garden key in Nascence.
Guide for garden key in Elysium.
Guide for Sanctuary key in Elysium.
Scheol: Roch Garden Key Quest.
Scheol: Roch Sanctuary Garden Key Quest.
Adonis: Dalja Garden Key Quest.
Adonis: Dalja Sanctuary Garden Key Quest.

Tradeskills:
Guide for making Perennium Weapons(used by agents, fixers and soldiers).
Guide for making Jobe Armor, used in Making Tier Armor
Guide for making Tier One Armor, all character classes included here
Guide for making Tier Two Armor, all character classes included here
Guide for making Tier 3, Choosen or Faithful, Armor, SL Tier Final Stage[/code]

My org is city-less, hence why I have nothing for AI at this point in time.
I'm in search for a decent inferno and pande keys guides as well.

Barring any major additions or revisions, I plan to release this here to forum and aodevs sometime next week.

Talk to you soon.

